{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13520\viewh9720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/yashco-homes/id1130651470?mt=8\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Being a property professional, it is very tough to keep track all construction sites. If 2 different sites are situated in different cities or in same city, but on different directions sometimes opposite too, then to handle all the projects at same time within a particular time frame is really a tough task. Yashco Homes is an app built with a vision to assist builders like a virtual assistant who is ready to work 24 X 7.\
Through this app a builder can see progress of his different construction projects with a single tap and on the same moment he can collect updated information as well as suggestions from a client site, i.e. any kind of design change in wall or roof design, etc.\
\
The key features of the app are:\
1. App admin can create projects, assign site manager to that project.\
2. Site Manager will add clients, click the site photos and share the progress with admin and clients\
3. Client can click the photos and can share with Site manager or with their friends via Facebook.\
\
\
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/glambook/id1148547329?ls=1&mt=8\
\
GLAMBOOK is the future of on-demand beauty service app that sends quick professionally trained and stylists straight to your home with a push of a button!\
\
GLAMBOOK offers nails services, hairstyling and makeup services that will make you looking and feeling AMAZING. It\'92s beauty at your service, without the hassle of the salon and waiting lines.\
\
The APP will be able to make appointments in as little as an hour. We accept all type credit cards and easy to pay. \
\
The UBER MAKE-UP APP of USA!\
\
Getting ready and never wait in line again or waste time in a Salon!\
\
Share with friends NOW!"\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/love-gauge/id1151732981?ls=1&mt=8"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \ulc2 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/love-gauge/id1151732981?ls=1&mt=8}}
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Now Love-Gauge is here, best application to express your feelings with loved ones and your relationships.  \
 \
The one and only application to share your feelings with % gauge value and color choice options. You can create your individual Love-Gauge with your partner, family members, friends or community members. \
 \
Quick Notifications when someone changes their mood in a Love-Gauge. If something was really wrong in the relationship it would read empty. And the other user would get a notification that the reading has changed. \
 \
How it work -\
The logic behind the % is completely user manipulated. For example: You and your partner have an emotional fight before work, on her drive she's still upset and changes her gauge to read 10%. You would then get a notification that her gauge had changed and Application will prompt you to call, text or email her.}